# Hi, I'm Ian 👋

I'm an engineer based in Tokyo, Japan 🗼

👨‍💻 I mostly code in [Go](https://go.dev/), [Python](https://www.python.org/),
[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), and Bash but dabble in other
languages as well. I am learning [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

🔭 My current interests are in cloud-native infrastructure, defensive security,
and developer experience. I most recently worked in Container Security and
[Software Supply Chain
Security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_supply_chain).

🗾 I have been based in Tokyo since 2006 and I am fluent in Japanese, passing
[Japanese-Language Proficiency Test](https://www.jlpt.jp/) (JLPT) N1 in 2013.

## 🛠️ Work

☁️ I was an engineer at [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) working on
developer experience for [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/), container
security, and software supply chain security. While there I founded [Kubernetes
Meetup Tokyo](https://k8sjp.connpass.com/), one of the largest local Kubernetes
communities in the world. I was a contributer to the [SLSA](https://slsa.dev/)
supply chain security framework and the [gVisor](https://gvisor.dev/) container
sandbox.

Prior to Google I focused on developer communities developing
[Connpass](https://connpass.com), the largest IT meetup event tool in Japan with
hundreds of thousands of users. I also co-founded and served on the board of
[PyCon JP](https://www.pycon.jp/), the largest Python event in Japan. During
this time I was a [Google Developer
Expert](https://developers.google.com/experts/) specializing in the Python
language version of [App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/).

📖 I wrote [Perfect Python](https://amzn.asia/d/bAWDVkka) with other Japanese
Python community members, and have written articles for [Nikkei Linux
Magazine](https://info.nikkeibp.co.jp/media/LIN/).

My resume can be downloaded at the following links:

- [English](https://github.com/ianlewis/resume/releases/latest/download/Ian_M_Lewis_Resume.pdf)
- [Japanese](https://github.com/ianlewis/resume/releases/latest/download/Ian_M_Lewis_Resume.ja.pdf)

## 💬 Contact

If you want to have a chat with me you can book an appointment on my
[appointment page](https://calendar.app.google/98BzZNZ424TMFrwh9). I can help
you with:

- DevOps / Infrastructure / Cloud Native / Security
- Programming
- Career advice

You can contact me via my email at [ian@ianlewis.org](mailto:ian@ianlewis.org).
